Who thinks you're cut there?
Oh
The next time we're going to sing is a song that actually my mother found on a record sung by a lady named Mary Hopkins
She was honored in Wales and made her a bard
because of her contribution to Welsh folk music and
Actually, the record that we found was a record produced by the Beatles who discovered her and put out a number of records on their record
Label and a couple of them were in Welsh, which was lovely and anyway, so
Oh
And when the sun has come, he'll come back.
Right in the right, no other gun.
I'll kill him for the way he done.
I'll get a job in the yard, no higher.
Right in the guy, no more dial.
Make the
fresh